# 2023-11-25: Copying SSH Keys and Group Variables

## Overview

I centralised the variables for all hosts in the inventory of this repository. SSH keys are generated and propagated to the target VMs, if needed.

## Table of Contents

* [Copy SSH Keys to Remote VMs](#copy-ssh-keys-to-remote-vms)
* [Central Inventory Group Variables](#central-inventory-group-variables)

## Copy SSH Keys to Remote VMs

I set up a playbook, `setup_ssh_to_vms.yml`, in the `orchestration` repository because the `xen_server_farm` repository is dedicated to one (1) server, `victoria`. Thus the inventory in the latter is very simple.

This playbook assumes that the module, `pexepect`, is installed on the local host.

Because of the limitations of loops in Ansible, I had to separate the tasks to copy SSH public keys to the target VMs. These tasks are in the file, `copy_ssh_keys_to_remote.yml`.

This playbook aresolves issue "[#5 Set up SSH Keys after VM Refresh](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/goldengate/issues/5)" in the `goldengate` repository.

I also check that the SSH keys already exist in order to avoid regenerating them. This resolves issue [#8](https://github.com/dfhawthorne/xen_server_farm/issues/8) in the `xen_server_farm` repository.

## Central Inventory Group Variables

There is only group variable file, `inventory/group_vars/all.yml`, which contains the following variables:

* `oracle_user_home`
* `nfs_software_dir`
* `install_group`
* `inventory_location`
* `oracle_base`
* `oracle_db_home`
* `oracle_listener_port`

The placement of the variable, `oracle_db_home`, in the central location could introduce a bug if I ever want to install multiple versions of Oracle RDBMS across my server farm.
