# 2023-11-21: Create GoldenGate Build

## Summary

These are notes used during build of GoldenGate as I learn Jenkins. After a trial Jenkins build, I decided to revert to using Ansible to manage the infrastructure builds.

## Table of Contents

* [Jenkins Not Suitable](#jenkins-not-suitable)
* [Reversion to Ansible](#reversion-to-ansible)
* [Ansible Playbook](#ansible-playbook)
* [Ansible Inventory](#ansible-inventory)

## Jenkins Not Suitable

Even though Jenkins can handle multiple GIT repositories, it only consdiders repositories that have changes. My mode of operation is to trigger builds manually as I can make changes to the infrastructure without changing the repositories.

If I have a future need for Jenkins, I need to do the following:

1. Set up a separate Jenkins server.
1. Have a GIT repository set up in the Jenkins home directory (`/var/lib/jenkins`)
1. Put the target GIT repositories on a separate server (say `AUBURN`).

## Reversion to Ansible

The `orchestration` GIT repository will be converted to an Ansible one.

Terraform does not seem suitable for this task.

## Ansible Playbook

The Ansible playbook is called `build_goldengate.yml`. This is an adaption of the `sites.yml` playbook in the `goldengate` GIT repository. No alternative name was considered.

Four (4) other playbooks are imported from three (3) other repositories to this playbook:

1. Main playbook from `xen_server_farm` repository
1. Two (2) playbooks from `goldengate` repository
   1. `start_xen_vms.yml`
   1. `install_goldengate.yml`
1. Playbook, `install_oracle_on_goldengate.yml` from `oracle-db-build` repository

## Ansible Inventory

I had to create an inventory for this repository (`orchestration`).

Since I have inventories in multiple repositories, I will have to investigate a means of consolidating these inventories.
